All right.
So we were able to navigate to the new page, but we are not getting all the details.
Now, this is not very difficult to fix.
So what we need to do is, first of all, we need to be making some changes in our rollout itself.
So right now, we are not passing any parameter to the out.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm will do passing a parameter by saying slash, then colon and IED.
So this is going to be the IED of the movie that we are trying to click.
Now, once we have done that, we also need to be modifying this history dot push.
So in the history dot push, I'm going to be changing this from the double code to back picks and C
slash then dollar movie dot IED.
So this is going to be the IED of movie that we want to be passing it as a parameter.
Okay, so that looks good.
If I go back to my browser and if I just go back to my homepage and try to click on any of the movie,
we in fact do see that the part parameter has been passed.
Now there's one problem here.
When we are navigating to a new page here, this is not just a new page in the same application.
This is a entirely new application itself.
And if I just go back to the code, we have something called as the use location in the reacted out.
Adam.
So if I just come here and see a comma use location.
So using this location we can actually be reading what's going on in the address bar.
So it can basically be picking up all the parameters that are added over here.
So if I just go back to the code and open up the details content component.
So I just give you a look on how this component is working.
So this component is expecting a while, props.
So this is an attribute and the attribute name should be location within that it expecting a bottom
and then it's time to split it on the slash.
So basically it is going to be reading this and part splitting on this slash and then picking up the
last value that's right here.
So once it gets the value, then it's going to be filtering out all the data from the movies list and
then try to display the movie here.
So that's behind the scene, what's happening in that component.
So our objective is to somehow past location, object to this new application.
So we need to be passing this property called location.
So for that reason, I just go back to my app.
Dargis in my movies application and in here I just go to the details page and we pass in a location
attribute.
So the location is equal to what?
Well, the location is going to be this use location value.
So we'll see.
Const location equals to use location.
All right, so we can just pass this location here just like this.
And that's pretty much it, actually.
So now if I just try to save this file, go back to my browser, just give this page a refresh.
And if I just click on any of the items now, we can see that actually we are navigating to the right
movie.
So we clicked on Avengers and we are showing all the details of Avengers along with the picture.
So that looks pretty good.
Our application is taking shape, so I could have done it in multiple ways, this entire navigation,
but I just wanted to show you the different approaches.
So right now we are exploring the callback approach in which we are passing a callback from the details
content component back to our main applications app dogs.
And from there we are trying to do the navigation to the new page.
And when we wanted a positive port parameter, since we wanted to read the location, we can also pass
in parameters to a different application itself.
So I'm just trying to give out the different kind of use cases that you might be facing when you are
implementing a real application.
All right.
So we got a click event listener working on our movie cards.
So that's on the homepage and then we have the movie cards.
Now we are going to be taking a short break and then explore how do we navigating from this book button.
Now you might be thinking it's quite similar since it's the same page, we can just do the same thing.
What we have done here, but it's not really the case is going to be slightly different all year and
I'm going to be telling you why in the next video.